---
layout: post
title: "Summer 17: Part II"
date: 2017-09-02 09:00:00 -0500
description: A summarized summer.
permalink: /summer-17-part-ii/
---

No summer is complete without a couple road trips and an overseas excursion.

### #GOhio17

The college ultimate frisbee national championships were coming to Cincinatti. It was Memorial Day weekend. We could go to Cincinnati Zoo and pay tribute to Harambe. And of course all the college visits. Why not? So on Saturday, May 27th, my friend and I hop into my trusted CRV and head off towards Ohio. Do I want to talk about every college we visit? Of course I do.

Our first stop was **Youngstown State**. Unfortunately, it was largely under construction but we walked by its stadium and saw the penguin statue in what I assume is center campus. After a breakfast at McDonald's, our trip took an unexpected to detour to the **Northeast Ohio Medical University**. It looked like a hospital predictably. **Kent State** was massive and we quickly grabbed a picture of the sign in front of the campus radio station. We took a walk around **Akron** and liked what we saw. **John Carroll** reminded my of Mercyhurst. **Case Western**, **Cleveland Institute of Art**, and **Cleveland State** highlighted what we thought was a quite improved version of Cleveland, but we did not linger since the ghost of Stevie Steve the murderer may have still been around. Actually, we did linger as we stopped for lunch in a smoothie store on Case's campus.

Next, we drove west across the state where we stopped at **Oberlin**. I was thoroughly unimpressed and they had a giant memorial pretty much dissing China. **Toledo** was a weird campus in which one half was ghetto and the other half was quite clean and shiny. My coworker who went there confirms that it has always been like that and people sometimes call it a lite version of Detroit. We went to **Findlay** and were called assholes because of it. **Bowling Green** had a giant eagle greeting us. Our good friend from high school went to **Ohio Northern** as did one of IQ's new hires. We got caught up in the middle of a marathan at **Ohio Wesleyan** and spent a lot longer there than I planned. **Cedarville** was a beautiful campus and full of Amish people for some reason. We had heard of **Wright State** before but never made the connection it was named after the Wright brothers who were from Ohio. Lastly, we ended our day at **Dayton**. Hail Mary, full of grace.

We made our way to our hotel in Mason near where the ultimate championship takes place and wander into the Burger King across the street where we are greeted by some of the nicest servers we have ever met. It was quite confusing. We thought Ohioans were supposed to be mean and Ohioan. After a long day, we get some well deserved rest as the Coca-Cola 600 lulled us to sleep. 

No rest for the wicked though as we get up right away to continue our journey. We delve into the heart of Cincinnati where we visit famous basketball school **Xavier** which has a non-functioning statue of a scale in the middle of its campus. We spookily get breakfast on Martin Luther King Boulevard and continue on to **University of Cincinnati** where the stadium was beautifully integrated into the campus. Soildering on, I watch on my phone live as Pitt gets eliminated from the championship by UMass. Oh well, time to visit the zoo. We knew that Harambe was disgracefully taken from us, but what we did not know is that we happened to visit on the *one year anniversary*. A man wearing a hat that said "Make Harambe Alive Again" set the tone for our visit. The gorilla exhibit was still closed, but on a bronze statue outside the enclosure, people were paying tribute by leaving flowers and dolls and candles. After touring the zoo, my gracious and caring travel partner purchased a ying-yang necklace and left it with the other offerings on the shrine. He also purchased a Cincinnati Zoo hat which departed us way too soon.

**Miami Ohio** was a neat school that prided itself as a "public ivy". It was a lot farther out of the way than we thought, but was a good looking, neatly built campus. The tournament was back in Mason so we headed back north to try to catch one or two of the semi-final games. Before we got there, we had to eat, so we decided brilliantly to go to Hooters. There, we were greeted by a waitress named Alexandria who was just as if not more awkward than we were. Sure, the wings were good and I watched Takuma Sato win the Indy 500, but she was *so* awkward. Like when she looked straight into my eyes trying to intimidate me and then made comments about my driver's license and apparently that was flirting but I was not sure what to do and I was in over my head and I just wanted a beer. To top it off, my friend accidentally left his Cincinnati Zoo hat at the table and we were too awkward to turn around and get it back. RIP. I wonder what Alexandria did with it.

Bishop Fenwick High School was a little place on the outskirts of Mason that was willing to host a national ultimate frisbee championship. Good on them. We pay the entrance fee and find our old high school friend who was there with his team which did not even make nationals but were cheering on their women's team which had been eliminated on day one. Now that is supportive. We watch the women's semi-finals between Texas and Colorado which I do not remember much about other than a bunch of dudes had something written across their chest that we could not read. The men's semi-finals to end the night, however, was one of the greatest things I have ever watched. It was between UNC and UNC Wilmington, two historic programs and respected rivals. To those unfamiliar with ultimate (aka pretty much everyone reading this), UNC plays a more technical style while UNCW plays a balls-to-the-wall momentum style. UNC took an early lead and held a steady lead. Games are capped at fifteen points so when the team took a 12-8 lead over UNCW, most people assumed it was over. That is when the comeback began.

UNCW scored to make it 12-9. Okay, they just held. They get a block, 12-10. Okay, they got lucky. They get another, 12-11. No way. And another, 12-12. They actually did it. And another, 13-12. Oh my god. What is going on? Time is running out. The point cap is set to fourteen. What are we watching? UNC has to score to keep their championship hopes alive and they do. 13-13. Double game point. Sudden death. Whatever you want to call it. UNCW recieves. UNCW puts it away. 14-13. What a game. I could not believe what I saw. They could not have scripted it any better because I would not have believed it.

We roll out of bed on the morning of Memorial Day. God bless America. It is our last day in Ohio and we start off in the Waffle House where we are greeted by an overly happy recruiting manager who gives us free coffee. It is 7AM. How is anybody so happy and peppy? We quickly finish our breakfast and set off on the last day of our journey. My friend has to get back to Michigan for work the next day so we try not to linger. By not lingering, that still means visiting **Wilmington College** in a prototypical small town and getting lost at ***the* Ohio State** for an hour. We speed through the rest of Ohio stopping at **Denison** which had a nice main street, **Muskingum** where we discovered a cute, tiny Subway, and lastly **Franciscan** with a campus at the top of a hill reached by a windy driveway reminiscent of several other small, religious schools. Also, they had a huge sign. We arrive back in Murrysville a little past six just in time to watch the ultimate championship finals on TV where UNCW gets completely demolished by Carleton. Oh well, another successful road trip.

If for some reason you doubt any of this happened, we have a [little video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JzisBoQwNM) documenting our trip.


