---
layout: post
title: "Year In Review: Part I"
date: 2017-12-29 09:00:00 -0500
description: A summarized year.
permalink: /year-in-review-2017-part-i/
---

### A Great Wall of Text

So after a late night rendezvous with some old friends, it was brought to my attention that I have a blog to write. I had gotten caught up in the work and shenanigans of the semester that I never even finished my summer in review series. A year is a long time and it is probably important to think back on all the things I learned this year and of being twenty-one. I can not think of anything positive off the top of my head but I am sure there were just as many good and bad things so we shall look back at all of the Captain's Tweets and see what happened...

Starting on January 1, 2017 to December 29, 2017, I sent over 5,400 tweets. Pretty impressive.

The year begins and it appears I was drunk leading off with "FUCK 2017" closely following "FUCK 2016" which was Tweeted in the closing moments of that year. Good start. The next day, I seemed to have visited Jessi and went on about sports betting. Crazy I have been doing that for over a year now.

Ah yes, the good old Rose Bowl in which Penn State blew its lead to USC. Then I proceed to move into the frat house for the first day of school which I guess was on the 4th of January Juliana drove out to visit me that day. I just realized I am using people's actual names. Oh well, not like they will ever see this. I meet some of my roommates who are just as confused about the frat house as I am. Half the people living in it turned out to not even be associated with the frat. I was pretty obnoxious about sports betting, but glad to see I still have passion about something. Looks like I got drunk the night of the 6th. We were partying at Ellers, my future home, and Jae's girf Tanya and I had a nice conversation about sports gambling. She advised me I should not gamble drunk. I defy her and reach my goal of fifty dollars that night. I celebrate by drinking more and withdrawing my winning. I had beaten Vegas. What a night.

I turn twenty-one on a pretty uneventful day. I go to the beer store and pick out two six-packs and drink beers with the Kevins and watch football. Every year, less and less people remember. I tell people it does not bother me, but obviously it does. I took a communications class, completely forgot about that already. Clemson beats Alabama and I tweet "Pitt will be lucky to go 6-6 next year". First Jil mention happens on the 13th. Half of these tweets over the next few weeks is replying to Justin "FOR YOU". I did not think I was such a depressing Tweeter but apparently I was.

On January 15, I mention a girl I was talking to turned out to have an Indian boyfriend. I have no recollection of this. I doubt it was Jil because I use her name straight in Tweets. There are some Pokemon tweets scattered around here and there, but nothing solid or definitive. Looks like I was wonder trading Eevees for awhile. January 21, Mr. Burns and I got to the Sun and Moon pre-release event in Monroeville and actually won a couple matches. Good times. Also I played winter league for frisbee. There was a cute Indian girl who would talk to me sometimes. I should have hit her up sometime. That's the thing. I need to take EVERY opportunity I am given. Mr. Burns turns twenty-one. This is the part of my life I probably smoked the most, almost every night if I had to estimate. I was not enjoying life in the frat house.

I still Snapchatted Nina regularly around this time. Another blown opportunity from the fall of 2015. I was surprised she stuck around for that long, but she abruptly stopped responding one day. Monica lives on my street. Corinne visited me on the 23rd and I cooked some dumplings for her. This is the last time I have received affection from her or anyone really. Wow, it's been almost a year. I put out a parlayed future asking who would get girfs by the end of the year between Mike and me. Only Mike was the favorite. Vegas was right again.

Eric at Pitt is a chill Asian dude in my year who I see a lot in the engineering hall. He spends a lot of time with a girl named Lindsay. I see them together and notice that sparkle in their eyes but they are not together and it saddened me. Both were single, why not give it a try? Alas, it was not meant to be for reasons I still do not understand. iOS goes to 10.2 with Jailbreak. I seem to only match unattractive people on Tinder. I seem pretty involved in shipping Eric and Lindsay. My gambling check arrives. I do a couple beer reviews as January comes to an end.

Pitt gets a boil water advisory. 7/11 (RIP) quickly runs out of bottled water. Lucky I have a boiler in my room. A big crane appears over Dithridge. Justin bets on a cricket game leading to a several hour affair of me trying to learn how cricket works. I respect cricket now. February 16 sees me go back to Florida for a frisbee tournament. We win. I establish that Vivian's birf looks like NASCAR driver Kurt Busch. Some kid has a seizure during my algorithms test on February 22. That's when I started getting closer with computer engineer Ryan who would go along with my craziness over the course of the year. NASCAR is back. Still talking about Lindsay and Eric occasionally. It truly is a shame that they did not work out. "Something Just Like This" is released and I had some strong opinions about that song.

I go to Starbucks with Katie on February 24 and go hiking with Jil afterwards and run into Princess Grace on the street corner. Is that what happens to popular people on a daily basis? I proceed to get drunk that night. Daytona 500 and Newman crashes like usual. Kurt Busch wins. February comes to a close and my Tinder issues persist.

A Honda hubcap finds its way into my life. My CS 0449 professors turns out to be a manchild. Ryan Newman's hair grows back. Katie drives me home for spring break and observes that I overanalyze everything. I attempt to sell Pokemon code cards on eBay and start my Pokemon Trading Card Game Online career around a Flareon-EX rogue deck. On March 9, I weigh 150 pounds and complain about how hard it is to gain. Maybe I should do something about that...

March 10, I forget my Linux password which turns out to be "goochmylife". Making a note because I think the exact same thing happens again later. Jil and I continue talking. I do not think she ever really hit on me. Ed Sheeran's album drops. My mum turns fifty-three. I go to Jessi's birf's house to give them a ride since neither of them have cars. We proceed to eat together at a restaurant and I drive them back to Murrysville where someone else will drive them back to Penn State. It was an awkward experience. March Madness begins and my coin flips for determining results begin. I saved up all my lucky cigarettes for later use.

I get overly invested in March Madness. There was a frisbee mixer with some sorority on March 17. Did not get much out of that. The frat house continues to be a thorn in my side. Nobody cleans. Nobody takes care of anything. I start writing this blog around this time. Ryan Newman trolls his way to winning a race for the first time since 2013. There was a frisbee tournament on the 27th and 28th. We lose in finals to D3 Franciscan after being undefeated all season. I begin using selenium cream to get rid of weird spots on my back. It works. I manage to lose a contest with two entries. April begins with a frisbee tournament in Ohio. We win a few, lose a few. Kevin and I go to wing night to watch UNC take down Gonzaga in finals.

The IGA on Forbes shuts down. I learn RSA encryption and eagerly share it on Twitter. Dani turns twenty-one. Dude gets dragged off the United flight. Jil and I go to a petting zoo and she takes me out to Market. Finals week comes and goes. Pitt B wins Sectionals. Stevie Steve. I start my Pokemon Sun play through. Dale Jr. announces his retirement. Cars 3 promo trailers begin coming out. I watch the NFL Draft for the first time and steal furniture from the frat house as my final goodbye. Jil and I hang out before I head out for the summer. Pitt B goes 2-4 at Regionals as April comes to an end. I visit seven suburban Philly colleges. I am temporarily optimistic on my one day off before returning to co-op. Pretty confidently end with a 4.0 semester.

Start the summer at 148.5 pounds with goal of gaining twenty. Protein shakes and lifting regime develop. Make new friend at work named Tim who also collects Pokemon cards. I begin my trend of listening to albums at work and writing a short remark about them on Twitter. (most excellent) becomes our latest forced meme. A weird growth in my mouth appears. Jil seems to be the only person I Tweet about for a few weeks. I redownload Clash of Clans and our old friend mud left us a message, "Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon." Dan's legal troubles begin as he quietly graduates on his own and starts summer session in Georgia. Jil is having relationship troubles. Talk to Kelvin a little after IQ has to work with Tableau. Oral surgeon removes my mouth growth. Up to 161 by May 22.

May 24, asked out a good friend, took an L. Underwear I lost months ago randomly reappears so it must be haunted. Corinne visits me at my house for the first and only time. Justin and I go on #GOhio17 road trip. Colleges, lipdub, ghosts, Harambe, frisbee, Alexandria. Jil and I talk a lot more than I recall. June begins and Kim graduates. Avery invites me to her graduation party. Uh, I'll pass. Up to 167. Summer league frisbee begins. Mike Good turns twenty-two. Turns out I am pretty good at Foosball. All my clothes stop fitting. My sister has her graduation party as Ryan Blaney wins his first race. Went to Burgatory with Juliana, Corinne, and Dan. Up to 172.5. My bench peaks at around 170. Watched Cars 3 with Juliana and Liz P. Jil and her Indian boyfriend seem to be in constant state of miscommunication. I DJ Jacob W's graduation party which will most likely turn out to be my final gig. Jil and her boyfriend become official.

China trip happens and I discover Twitter is unblocked if you have an American SIM card. I pay $20 for airplane Wifi. See a lot of relatives, not as much sightseeing. There was so much that happened I may or may not do a separate post on this. We return to the US on the 12th of July. I managed to lose over ten pounds over the trip and a lot of my gains which was very discouraging. I hate to say it but I sort of gave up after that. Mr. Burns and I go to Kennywood and almost kill a kid in bumper cars then come across a weird racist lady. I continue listening to albums at work. Life is otherwise uneventful. Go to my first concert featuring Boston and Joan Jett with Kevin. Corinne, Juliana, and Liz P also come separately. My dad and I help Melissa find her hometown while she is in China.

Juliana and I chill on the 26th. August rolls around. Dan gets arrested in Georgia and gets sent back to Pennsylvania. Corinne and I visit him at his hotel in Monroeville. Mr. Burns and I go to see Smash Mouth. Juliana actually meets Smash Mouth. Am super jealous. Grandparents and little cousin from China visit us. Summer league team wins championship. I discover Westlife. Nathan Peterman plays in the pre-season games. I get handed Jessi's Snapchat account while she is in Iceland. It was like living in a different world where people would actually reach out to you first. I begin listening to a few show tunes. Vivian and I meet up at Starbucks. I go through the entire Pet Shop Boys discography. Corinne and I hang out for a little on the 17th.

I go on a solo road trip to check out the eclipse (it was purple!!) and visit colleges, scalp tickets to a NASCAR race, play pick up frisbee, and race down the highway with Mr. Burns on the long drive home. This probably also deserves its own post. I bid farewell to IQ on the 25th. College football begins with the classic Florida A&M versus Texas Southern matchup. Dani and I meet up at Starbucks. Move in to aforementioned Ellers with roommates Zach and Jae. The Murrysville Stabbers fantasy football team is born. Went to Pitt A / Pitt B mixer party, one of the better parties I have attended. My attempt to minor in sociology begins. September comes around and Pitt goes to overtime with an FCS school. We go out later that night and  end up skinny dipping in a fountain in the center of campus.

Hyperactive hurricane season is in full swing. I lose three weeks of fake sports bets to a quarter. Cute sociology girl was talking to me as early as September 14. I really screwed this one up. I smoke weed and get high for the first time watching racist Peter Pan. College football Twitter bot development begins and @haroldbot69 is born. Dan violates parole and gets sent back to jail. Went on a computer and electrical engineering bar crawl. Was good fun, but the ratio... Dad turns fifty-three. I help IQ interview applicants at co-op fair. After looking at some resumes, I feel better about myself. I meet Jil's kittos. We go out to Southside bars on the 29th. I chase a few Pokemon Go legendaries.

I sign up for a Savage Seven frisbee tournament in the DC area with an old friend who I played club sectionals with a few years back. I head out on October 7th for my DC adventure. I visit a few colleges, get kicked out of one, meet up with JM and Melissa, and crash at Corinne's place in Maryland for the night. She took me for a walk around her campus. It was so soothing. Frisbee tournament gets canceled due to rain. Jil turns twenty-two. I take her out to dinner on her birthday. Dan turns nineteen.

First Pitt B fall tournament of the year happens on the 15th. I sense a change in team identity and I do not like it. I start playing Clash of Clans again. Justin turns twenty-two. I pick back up my Pokemon Sun play through. My project of placing all college logos on a Google Maps document gets on its feet. Pitt ultimate cancels its bid to Mixed Easterns in Virginia. Justin, Sam, and I go to Rick's. Ellers holds a house party. I meet Tanya's sister Meghan. October comes to a close.

$1000 goes into Bitcoin. Inspired by Meghan's Instagram usage, I crowdsource sports betting and lose three games in a row using Instagram polls. A couple of us attend the Thursday night game against UNC. Drunk girl behind me named Towey talked to me and touched me all night and was attracted to my Peterman jersey. Pitt loses to 1-8 UNC. I attend a Pitt B women's mixer on the 10th. Worst outing ever. Pitt's basketball team makes its embarrassing debut. Ryan and I sweep architecture and design projects while getting closer with Kendra, Beth, Brendan, Tyler, and Ritesh. Ellers hosts friendsgiving. #2 Miami goes down. We take Christmas card photos and get chased by high school security officer. I finish Pokemon Sun play through.

December rolls around and I add community colleges to my college map. I notice magical things happening around the West Florida football team which also happens to be Vivian's boyfriend's alma mater. I buy Cryptokitties. Murrysville Stabbers wins eight straight to make fantasy playoffs after starting off 1-4. Crank out a few sociology essays and smash a couple finals. Guinness World Records are too much bureaucracy. Picked up Pokemon Ultra Sun on Black Friday and began playing. Surprisingly wind up with another 4.0 semester. West Florida goes down. Murrysville Stabbers loses in semi-finals. Christmas cards printed in matte. Family goes to San Francisco over Christmas. Golden Gate, redwoods, beaches, colleges, tech. Meet up with Mr. Burns and Melissa on the 27th. Meet up with Justin and Sam for lunch, Dani at Starbucks, and later JM and Justin again on the 28th. And here we are...