---
layout: post
title: "Summer 17: Part I"
date: 2017-09-01 09:00:00 -0500
description: A summarized summer.
permalink: /summer-17-part-i/
---

School is back in session and I have not written as much as I would have liked during the summer. Was it because I was too busy? Too distracted? I am not entirely sure, but plenty of things happened and I want to document it before it all gets lost and forgotten. We live in interesting times, my friends.

### Welcome to Adulthood

A week before the summer started, I received a phone call from a friend who was a senior at the time sobbing about how he cheated on his girlfriend and how she would not talk to him anymore. It was on conference call so I heard many other voices consoling him as I remained silent and indifferent. His behavior was a little surprising to me since he has had plenty of girlfriends and flings in the past so I did not understand why he was so hung up on one particular girl when he had lines of girls trying to be with him. I did not think much of it at the time as I had finals to study for.

Over the next few weeks, I saw a suave, confident boy committed to studying at southern art school dissolve into an obsessed mess. Many of the details are too cringy in retrospect to even type out. Long story short, through a series of blackmail, harassment, and underaged videos, he was ostracized (the extent to which was likely grossly exaggerated) and left high school early without attending his own graduating ceremony and started college during the summer session.

Midway through the summer, a warrant was ordered and he was extradited back to Pennsylvania where he now stands in legal limbo until the court date. It was like watching a literal trainwreck, but what surprised me was the reactions from people. I am always one to remain neutral and objective and obviously he was still a friend, but I made it clear that I believed he was in the wrong and did not condone his actions. I was hoping others would feel the same, but many people vehemently defended him to the point of victim blaming and saying she took it too far and was trying to ruin my life (which is pretty justified in my opinion). Even some of our mutual friends who I consider to have more logical personalities were defending him at every instant and trying to justify that he did nothing wrong. People make mistakes and there should be consequences and I will leave it at that.

### Tales from IQ

Chronologically by event seems to be a good way to go. On Tuesday, May 2nd, I began my third and (most likely) final rotation at my little software development company. We had expanded and relocated from a little one-story building in Murrysville to the third floor of an office building in Monroeville which effectively doubled my commute. I was greeted by familiar faces and a few new ones as well as the company ping-pong and Foosball tables. The Downstairs Deli on the first floor was a great place for cheap lunches and the dude running it is probably one of the nicest dudes I have ever met. I settle in to our new open cubicle set up and asked my boss what to do.

Having many more relevant courses under my belt, the company entrusted me to solo a whole bunch of different projects including two that involved life support devices and others that will be used in clinical studies and trials later. I am not quite sure if I enjoy it yet but I am hella good at it and everybody loves the feeling of accomplishing their assigned tasks and reaching milestones (or inchpebbles which I later learned is an actually used term). The company retained its really chill atmosphere despite its expansion. At lunch which regularly extended to one and a half hours, we would commonly play board games, hold ping pong tournaments and play Foosball which I discovered I was really good at. For the first couple weeks, I was unstoppable and the sound of the little plastic ball smacking the back of the wooden goal was beautiful to behold. Of course, several of the other guys eventually caught up in skill which made it all the better as games became closer and intense rivalries formed. Ping pong did not treat me as well but there was great parity in the office without anybody ever consistently dominating anybody else. Every game could go either way and that is what makes office competition fun.

The summer flew by and my confidence within the company grew. Even though I was just technically an intern, we hired a new intern a year younger than me so I was no longer the bottom of the company hiearchy. Likewise, a lot of new people were hired after me who were higher in position and skill, but still gave me a lot of respect since I had been there for so long. I honestly can not name a single bad person at the company and everybody is willing to work together and build each other up. It was like one big family and we would often go out to eat lunch together, drink together on Friday nights, and play Foosball long into the evening. Hell, during my penultimate week, we went to the trampoline park in Monroeville and played dodgeball. Is there any better feeling than nailing your coworkers as hard as you can with a dodgeball? Probably, but that has to be pretty up there. Before I knew it, it was my last day. I had worked there for a year non-consecutively and had seen expansion, leadership changes, and massive personal development. They held a lunch in my honor and gave me Pokémon cards (no ultra rares though :() and a programming interview strategy guide (which sounds cooler than programming test book). I was touched. I did not realize that people cared that much and I would love go to go back and work there full time if it was not for my restless desire to go somewhere new. On my last day, my supervisor shook my hand and told me I will always be welcomed back. Who knows? I want to leave the state, but there might just be one thing that could make me stay.

