---
layout: post
title: "Summer 17: Part IV"
date: 2017-12-30 09:00:00 -0500
description: A summarized summer.
permalink: /summer-17-part-iv/
---

So while I am reflecting on the year, I figured I would finally summarize my trip down to Tennessee to see the spooky eclipse. I read about the eclipse pretty early on in the summer and decided to go down no matter what. I did not initially intend to go alone but as it turned out, a surprising amount of people simply did not care enough to go. Those that did ended up going with their families; I respect that. Having taken many a solo trip before, I buckle down and head out early on a warm Saturday morning. 

### #TotalEclipseOfTheHeart

I arrive in Morgantown pretty early in the morning to pay a visit to our despised rival **West Virginia**. I pay seventy-five cents for an hour's worth of parking. It was deserted which was not too surprising. After a strange encounter with a German exchange student, I make my way to their stadium and grab a picture of a half-finished WVU sign. A journey through the backroads of West Virginia gave  insight on the lives of those in the Rust Belt. Run down towns and dilapidated houses populated the landscape as I dropped by **Alderson Broaddus**, **West Virginia Wesleyan**, and **Appalachian Bible College**. West Virginia Wesleyan was an interesting experience in that I showed up during their orientation week and they had a tent propped up in front of their main sign. I ended up having a conversation with one of the girls who was from the State College area and asked her to take my picture for me. Everyone I met there was so nice.

Continuing south through West Virginia, I stop by **Concord**, **Bluefield State** in West Virginia, and **Bluefield** in Virginia just across the river. Bluefield was a quaint little church school. There was another older lady there who, like me, took a couple pictures during a walk around campus and promptly left.

Now I knew ahead of time that I was driving through the Bristol area where there was a NASCAR cup race scheduled for that night. I was not planning on attending the race since my hotel for that night was in Knoxville which was another two hour drive past Bristol. Yet, when I got off the freeway and saw the friendly scalpers and the sign that read "Cheap Race Tickets -->", I could not resist. Sixty dollars later, I had tickets in the nosebleeds for a NASCAR race. I had a few hours to kill so I hit up **East Tennessee State** as well as **Tusculum**. Remembering that earplugs are very important in order to enjoy NASCAR races, I stop at a extremely rural Dollar General on the outskirts of Johnson City. It was a pretty depressing place and everybody at the checkout seemed to be on some sort of welfare.

I make my way back over to Bristol Motor Speedway and find my way to my seats. There were three other well-dressed guys in my row and the rest of the section was pretty much empty. We pay tribute to Dale Earnhardt Jr. on his retirement tour and watch cars go round and round. Even with my earplugs, I soon developed a massive headache, but stuck around to watch Newman finish in sixth. Everybody quickly hurried back out to their cars, but it was an hour and a half before the race track was out of sight in my rear view mirror.

I finally get to my Knoxville hotel at around 2:30AM and promptly fall asleep after a long day. It was probably for the better I spent less time there because it was the dirtiest hotel room I have ever spent the night in. I roll out of bed later that morning and hit the road and stop by the abandoned HBCU **Knoxville**. I drive a mile down the road and reach **Tennessee**. Being a large university, I devoted about an hour wandering around campus. Neyland Stadium and Old Main were cool sights to behold. My greatest takeaway of all though was finally experiencing Zaxby's chicken which I had wanted to try for almost a decade.

Making my way further downtown, I stopped by the Sunsphere which was built for the 1982 World's Fair. Then I went to a park and played pickup ultimate with the local townies. Turns out they were quite fond of goaltimate which is a different form of ultimate that used a metal goal for scoring. It was hot. My next destination was my hotel in Gatlinburg but I first made a stop at **Johnson**. The hotel in Gatlinburg was only forty-four dollars a night so I was doubtful about its quality, but it unexpectedly turned out to be the best two-star hotel I have ever seen. It was completely clean and the beds and sheets were very high quality. I slept quite well that night.

It was eclipse morning, Monday, August 21st. After grabbing my free continental breakfast, I headed out. I really did not have a destination in mind. Keeping an eye on the time, I headed south through the Great Smokey Mountains. I did not want to be with the crowds so I kept going until the traffic died down and found myself in a little town called Qualla in North Carolina. I bought a large pineapple pizza from Domino's and settled in a parking lot of a Mormon church at the top of a hill. I figured I would be alone and the hill would be a good place to watch the eclipse from. Two other Mormon families showed up but they did not really interact with me once they figured out I was not Mormon. 

The moon had began passing in front of the sun pretty early on, but it was impossible to tell without the eclipse glasses. As the minutes ticked by, a visible darkness began to settle along the mountain ridge across the valley. It felt eerie yet calming. This was about thirty minutes before totality. Animals in the woods began going wild as their howls filled the air. The landscape grew darker still. The whole town held its breath as the spot over the sun grew visible to the naked eye. Then all of a sudden, a purple aura shined around a perfect black circle. Totality. I was satisfied. Halfway through totality, I hopped in my car and sped away down the hill to the surprise of the other families.

The highway was empty for just a moment before an onslaught of traffic joined me. Luckily, I was pretty much at the front of the exodus. I make an unscheduled stop at North Wilkesboro Speedway, an abandoned NASCAR track, when I saw a sign that said it was just a twenty minute detour. I make my final college visit of the trip at **Appalachian State** in Boone, North Carolina which was neatly hidden in the mountains. 

Of course, I needed just one more adventure on my road trip. On the way home, I realized Mr. Burns and his family was on the same interstate as I was. I intentionally slowed down in the right lane waiting for them to catch up without realizing they passed me at some point so I sped up and found them somewhere in the lower half of West Virginia. Well, there was not much we could do other than wave, but it was a nice cap to a well-executed road trip. I get home around 1AM. I am good at this.
