---
layout: post
title: "A Weekend in Eastern PA: Part II"
date: 2017-05-01 09:00:00 -0500
description: Sunday Funday.
permalink: /a-weekend-in-eastern-pa-part-ii/
---

I did not drive all the way to across the state to not visit a few colleges a stone's throw away. So that is what I did. Not too phased by our three consecutive Saturday losses, the two guys in my car and I headed out to check out Lehigh University before heading back to home base in Havertown. A twenty minute drive from the fields led us to the quaint little town of Bethlehem (which we later learned was the eighth largest city in Pennsylvania). I was surprised by their willingness to come and we were by the bucolic, classic campus on the hillside overlooking the quiet town. A girl walked by covered in dust from a Color Run as an Indian wedding took place in front of the main building. It was genuinely a very nice place despite the fact they had just stomped us a couple hours earlier.

### More Colleges

We returned to Havertown and had a barbeque for dinner. I mapped out my route to check out the local suburban Philadelphia private schools and one of the guys mentioned that he would come with me. Wow. We take off and check them out. Most of them are really small and not much to write home about. 

We started off with Haverford College which we were impressed with. The sports fields were nicely kept and clean. One thing I noticed was how flat the buildings were. I do not think we saw a single building over three stories. Harcum College followed. This was the definition of a city school which was weird since we were in the suburbs. It was several large buildings spread over a couple of blocks and looked pretty dingy. Somehow, its sports teams are registed as Division 1 despite the fact that there was no green space.

Right across the street from Harcum was Baldwin School which I assumed was a high-end private school. It was fenced all around with school buildings that had a heavy old-English influence. Shipley School was further down the road adjacent to Baldwin and another private school. Bryn Mawr College was within walking distance, but we did not spend too much time here. It felt like we were intruding on the upper class gated communities and their Range Rovers and BMWs. There were so many of those parked in front of the four storied houses.

Rosemont College on paper seemed like a really nice school. It was very religious so I was hoping for something similar to Grove City. The buildings were almost entirely made of stone with a nice temple out front. The green area featured a lot of multi-colored wooden chairs and geese. Suddenly, the smell of cheap cigarettes filled the air and we turned to see three unclassy looking students walk by. They were all smoking and two were overweight. This was not what I really expected from a private, religious school. Believe me, I have been to plenty including Grove City, Duquesne, and Lehigh earlier that day and the students attending those schools have a distinct upper-class look. Our last surprise came when we visited the sports fields. We were not sure what was weirder, the fact that there were zero bleachers on either of the fields or that they chose to use light gray turf.

The final two universities, Eastern and Cabrini, were right across the street from each other. Eastern had a very nice double lake system and a very large campus for such a small school. There were a massive number of parking spaces as well. We wondered if students drove from their dorms to class. Cabrini was creepy to say the least. It was starting to get dark as we climbed up the driveway to Cabrini which was guarded by an imposing black gate that said it locked at 10PM. At the top of the hill, we were greeted by a decent-looking temple. We did a loop around campus and found decrepit sports fields and empty parking lots full of trash. There was very little lighting coming from the tinted windows of the buildings and the street lamps creating an eerie atmosphere. Needless to say, I got my picture with the sign and we left pretty quickly.

### Sunday

I roll off the couch and grunted in pain. We had a game at 9AM against #16 Drexel. We groggily pack our things into my car and depart for Allentown one more time. Instead of being on the main fields, we got sent to the reject fields a half mile away from the rest of the teams who did not suck and lose all their games. I played unimpressively again that day. We went down 3-7 to Drexel and came back to win 14-12 I believe. Nice. We were not going to be winless at the very least.

On the field next to us, #7 Ohio who had unexpectedly lost out on Saturday soundly defeated the #15 UPenn squad. We had a fifteen minute break until the next game so we checked out how our foes from yesterday did. Of course, Pitt A took a domineering win over #2 Case Western in quarterfinals and was set to face #4 Penn State in semifinals. We knew Lehigh and West Chester made the top-eight quarterfinals as well after the former defeated #9 Carnegie Mellon and the latter ended #5 Villanova's season on Saturday after we left the fields. Cinderella Akron proved to not be real deal and fell to Lehigh, but it was West Chester defeating #6 Ohio State that caused shouts of indignation from our sideline. Pitt A, Lehigh, and West Chester had all made semifinals. What the hell. Every single team in our pool was in semis. What could have been if we had defeated West Chester... What could have been if we had been seeded properly...

We could blame the ranking algorithm all we wanted, but we still had a seed to hold. We went down to Ohio 3-7 early on. Sound familiar? In Ohio's defense, the team only had a roster of eleven or twelve, but we came back to defeat them 14-11 and finished 13th overall. We had held seed and ended our season with a W. (Pitt A went on to defeat Lehigh in finals to take the lone bid to Nationals.) We did our usual team pictures, bid each other goodbye for the summer, and headed our separate ways. In a final twist of fate, we decided to have lunch at a Boston Market we saw. On the same block was the sign of Cedar Crest College. What an appropriate ending.

### Back to Reality

It was over. School was over. Frisbee was over. I finally felt like a senior. I had Monday off and then back to IQ Inc. on Tuesday. The reality hit me hard after I dropped the guys off in Oakland. I only had one year left of this. So many doors have closed over the years and my path narrows. I most likely only have one year of frisbee left. I have only one year to make my college experience. Not that I would take back anything I have done (okay, maybe a few things I could have played my cards better), but I always wish I had done more. My grades are fine. My co-op is fine. My finances are fine. But there is something missing and we all know what that is. No one said anything was easy. Got to stay hungry. And hungry is what I am. I just wish I knew how to cook.

