---
layout: post
title: "Same Old Prom Story: Part IV"
date: 2017-03-27 09:00:00 -0500
description: A little satire.
permalink: /same-old-prom-story-part-iv/
---

# An Unrelated Uplifting Conclusion

So let us flashback to my senior year one last time. In my English literature class, we did a unit on satire which included a satirical essay by Jonathan Swift titled "A Modest Proposal" from the eighteenth century. Swift suggested that poor Irish citizens sell their children to be eaten by the rich. One of our assignments was to write a satircial essay in which we propose an outlandish solution for a problem that we face. Now I do not consider myself a great writer, but I think my essay is easily one of the greatest things I have ever produced. I posted it on Pastebin a few years back, but it is time to bring it home.

> [Name redacted]
> 
> [Teacher name redacted]
> 
> AP Literature & Composition – Period II
> 
> 18 March 2014
> 
> A MODEST PROMPOSAL
> 
> FOR REMOVING POLITICS AND CONTROVERSY FROM THE PREPARATION OF ATTENDING A TRADITIONAL SCHOOL-AFFILIATED PROMENADE, AND FOR STREAMLINING THE PROCESS OF FINDING A PARTNER.
> 
> It is always a sad sight to see, in the months leading up to prom, the controversy that abounds in the hallways of thousands of high schools across this great country. There are boys who desperately want to attend, but cannot muster the courage to ask a girl for fear of rejection or humiliation. There are girls who desperately want to attend, but are unable to get that one particular boy to notice her. Then there are self-proclaimed matchmakers who do everything within their bounds to make sure all of their friends have an appropriate partner, but if anyone gets asked by the “wrong” person, weeks of hard work involving matching, mismatching, and planning goes down the drain. No one needs to be this stressed out over a three-hour dance in a hot, sweaty gymnasium on a hot, sweaty football field.
> 
> I think it can be agreed that all people involved with prom are unnecessarily stressed by the event. Therefore, whoever can find an easily applicable solution to reduce the stresses and workload associated with prom will become forever immortalized in the hearts of millions of awkward teenagers. There is also a significant amount of money involved for prom. I have calculated that the average spending for prom per couple is approximately 2,000 dollars taking into account preparations, tickets, after-party costs, dinner, and various rentals. It is only appropriate that such large amounts of money bring enjoyment to the prom attendees instead of weeks of frustration and possible exclusion from the event. If someone has a way to make the prom process smoother, the months of March, April, and May would be much more enjoyable. The people going to prom can find partners quicker and more easily and as a result they will be happier. Teachers, parents, and people not going to prom will also be happier because they do not have to sit around hearing people whine and cry about not going to prom.
> 
> Though I myself have not attended a school dance in years, I have made many observations regarding the interactions between people preparing for prom and frequently think about the common problems that no one has bothered to address. The biggest issue, of course, is figuring out who to ask to prom. The questions of when, where, and how are also quite important. It is with regard to these issues that I propose to provide possible prom-goers with an online application system. Instead of having their prom experience dependent on the actions of many others, they shall be in complete control of their destiny. This application system shall be called the “Prommon App.”
> 
> There are number of great advantages for employing my system. It will generate the greatest number of compatible couples. It will simplify the decision making process for choosing a date to ask. It will create equality between boys and girls as both genders can just as easily ask the other under my system. Though it will increase the chances that someone on the fence of going to prom will decide to give it a try, it does not necessarily guarantee that everybody will be able to find a match. However, finding everybody a partner would be impossible under any system due to uneven gender distributions, but that is just a part of life.
> 
> I shall now humbly propose the features of the Prommon App that will change the society’s view of promenade forever.
> 
> Every student, upon entering high school, will be assigned a Prommon App ID which will be kept and maintained throughout the rest of his or her high school career. The application itself is very simple. Potential applicants are required to submit their name and birth date for verification in addition to their school and grade. The rest of the form is completely optional, but applicants can choose to fill out a biography, upload a profile picture, and complete a short personality questionnaire. Every high school student in America will be on the search database which can be sorted by location, school, or name. When prom season rolls around, applicants can send their application to up to ten different people beginning on the first of January. Each application will be subject to a refundable fifty dollar deposit to prevent spam and harassment. Receivers of the applications will be immediately notified via email and can choose to accept or reject. Senders will likewise be immediately notified of the status of their application. While some people, specifically those who are already in active relationships, may choose to accept their partner’s application right away, others may delay replying to applications indefinitely. I personally recommend replying to all applications three weeks prior to the date of prom.
> 
> A very worthy companion, a true lover of logistics and organization, was quite delighted with my idea. Though he also has not gone to a school dance in years, he offered quite an interesting observation on my application system. He said that the Prommon App gives students greater freedom of choosing their own destiny. Potential prom-goers will submit their applications to three types of people: reaches, matches, and safeties. Reaches are people an applicant may not necessarily know too well, but have greatly admired throughout high school. The applicant understands a rejection is likely, but there is always a small glimmer of hope of receiving an acceptance. Matches, simply put, are the people with whom an applicant is most familiar and compatible. This includes close friends, neighbors, and obviously, a current boyfriend or girlfriend. The goal of the Prommon App is to make sure that all students are able to find a match so they will have an enjoyable time at prom with partners who will actually speak and dance with them. The last category mentioned by my acquaintance is the safeties. This group is comprised of people the applicant would not consider their first or second or even third choice, but rather a backup in case all of his or her matches fall through. People likely to fall into this category include family friends, distant relatives, and sophomores. I confess that this is one of the most acute observations I have ever had the pleasure to be given. I am sure no other institution has such a streamlined process that can be divided so cleanly into three, distinct groups.
> 
> Some people have voiced great concern about the bluntness of acceptance and rejection. I am not too perturbed by those two categories because that is how the old prom method worked. However, it is time to forget the old, outdated, antiquated ways. The Prommon App, in addition to acceptance and rejection, has added a third option called “waitlisting”. In the olden days, a split-second decision must be made as to whether or not to accept an invitation to prom. This is simply not fair since the inviter has likely had weeks and months to think about who to ask, but the invitee has a maximum of thirty seconds before awkward stares ensue. The person asking may also be surrounded by hordes of supporters and onlookers which would pressure the person being asked into accepting the invitation to save face regardless of what he or she truly feels. By adding the waitlist feature, the Prommon App allows students to put off making a decision until later so they will have time to mull over options before returning with the final verdict of accept or reject. Most people will likely be waitlisted for a time before a decision is made, but this is the time they can reconsider their application and perhaps withdraw if they feel the need. Though critics will undoubtedly criticize the notion of waitlisting, I full-heartedly believe it is for the best by allowing both parties ample time to consider their decisions.
> 
> I have given much thought to my proposal and feel the advantages are obvious and will unquestionably change the prom process for the better.
> 
> Firstly, it will reduce the stress levels of millions of high school students who are already quite worried about college, jobs, their social lives, SATs, AP tests, family, and English free writes. Prom is supposed to be a time of enjoyment. Therefore, it is of utmost importance to make the entire process as stress-free as possible.
> 
> Secondly, it will provide greater freedoms to those millions of high school students. Traditionally, boys tend to ask girls to prom. Under the Prommon App, the system not only provides more choices, but also promotes gender equality by giving girls the same opportunities to ask boys to prom that boys have had for decades.
> 
> Thirdly, in a world where teenagers are constantly on their phones, it is only right that the prom process is easily accessible at all times. The Prommon App features an easy-to-use mobile website which provides constant status notifications and updates. A student could send out three applications at the beginning of a lunch and receive three replies by the end of the period.
> 
> Fourthly, people will be given additional time to consider all possibilities to pick out the best possible partner. While the above example is somewhat contradictory to this, I hope that all users of the Prommon App will take advantage of the waitlist feature and spend time to think before making their acceptance and rejection choices.
> 
> Fifthly, the use of a streamlined service serves as a sort of equalizer. Some people are unable to afford fancy bouquets or hundreds of fancy candles in order to ask others to prom. The Prommon App solves this issue by requiring nothing but a fifty dollar deposit that is refunded the week after prom unless the application is withdrawn. Therefore, everyone has a better shot of getting a date that actually fits him or her. This will prevent incidents such as the time a girl said yes to a boy she did not like simply because he bought her a two thousand dollar Tiffany’s ring.
> 
> However, the greatest advantage of the Prommon App is its simplicity. Every student is given an ID and can send up to ten applications to anyone. Every student can find an appropriate balance of reaches, matches, and safeties to submit applications. Students that have sent applications can check their phone periodically for updates and replies. Students that have received applications can accept, reject, or waitlist the sender. This is so much simpler than ignoring the opinions of your friends, choosing someone to ask to prom, picking up a nice set of flowers, waiting for them outside his or her car in the senior lot, and asking a question. I desire that this complicated process be shelved and forgotten so that the simple, effective Prommon App can take its place.
> 
> Of course, I confess, from the bottom of my heart and bank account, that I do not have the time or interest or resources to develop the Prommon App. I do not desire to go to prom and thus have no motive other than making money. Even if I do decide to go to prom, I will probably ask the old-fashioned way, just for old times’ sake, since the Prommon App will wipe away such tradition.
> 

